# Process Description
### Risk Assessment:
1. One of the main risks of successfully completing our project is not figuring out how to correctly host our website on the reclaim cloud environment that Grinnell set up for us.
- There is a medium likelihood that this will occur, as the person who set up the environment is unable to help up with specific implementation details and there is not a lot of information on how to host via reclaim cloud, vs other cloud hosting services like AWS. The impact if this happens is pretty high, as we will not be able to make our website publicly available. We have tried to navigate the reclaim cloud platform and have found it confusing and unintuitive so far, and we do not have a plan to integrate our project into the cloud environment. If another group is going this route to host a website, we would like to contact them and try to collaborate and learn together. If we are unable to figure out how to host on this platform, we need to identify another free way for us to make our website publicly available.
2. Another risk is that not enough people will use our platform to post room reviews. Even if we do complete our project, we still need a significant number of room reviews for it to be the most helpful to people, as our test users all said that they are most interested in seeing pictures of the inside of dorm rooms. 
- There is a medium likelihood of this occurring, as our platform needs to be complete for users to begin posting reviews, so there is a time constraint and a limited window for people to post reviews once we have completed our project. The impact of this issue is fairly low, as our platform will still function and provide some helpful information about dorm options and help people narrow down their options when selecting a room. We, as a group, will supply as many room reviews as we can from our own accounts and also ask people we know to contribute. It is possible that we can start populating our database before our website is finalized. We can also help users by adding a feature to search specifically for all rooms that do have reviews. 
3. The final risk is if we cannot figure out how to store image data from reviews.
  - the liklihood of this issue occuring is low, since image data is extemely prevalent on the web. We aren't doing anything new, so there should be resources to figure this issue out. If this issue did occur, our functionality would be limited, since seeing the dorm rooms is a primary purpose of our site. Users could still see reviews, but they would lack the ability to actually see the living space. Since image uploading is a common tool on the web, we assume that this will be a straightforward process, even though it is less intuitive than storing text. There are several tutorials we have found that explain how to store image data in databses with django, and it is likely that we can find an answer from these. We are beginning to test these solutions and experiment with test image uploads, which will hopefully lead us to a solution. To detect issues, we will examine the reviews posted to the site and see if the images we test uploads with appear on the page. If not, then we know we haven't solved the problem yet. If for some reason we cannot find a solution to this problem, we would pivot to removing image upload support.


### Epics:

